Task 1:
1. subtract was b - a and not a - b. Running the tests
    helped with figuring out what number I was getting vs
    what was expected
2. multiply method spelled 'multiple'. The tests helped me
    find out that there was no method named multiply.
3. is_prime method n > 2 when it should be n < 2. The tests 
    didn't really help me for this one as I just said the test
    failed but didn't give me any other useful info.
4. is_even method n%2 == 1 when it should = 0. The tests also 
    didn't really help me for this as it just said it was wrong.
5. is_fizzbuzz was returning false when n was divisable by 3 and 5.
    There was no existing test case for this so I had to write my own.

The is prime, is even, and is fizzbuzz errors were more difficult to detect
due to the tests not being as descriptive. 

The code can be improved by fixing the errors and more comments being left.
The test cases can be improved by adding tests for fizzbuzz and adding more 
tests to cover all outcomes of other functions.

Parter: Experience with junit testing in java from 1114, 2114, and 3114.
Never used any other frameworks or pytest before so this was all new.

Task 2:

The uncovered code paths that were most likely to hide real bugs were the
code sections that weren't covered at all and then the checking to make sure
that the inputted player and score were both valid. These are important to test
as they could break the system if a user tries to input a player or score that isn't
valid.

The Branch is 24, BrPart is 1, and Cover is 87%. I would modify the test cases to
find each possible outcome of all branches to get the coverage higher. 

If calculator.py had a coverage report before I started, it would have helped me find which
lines weren't tested properly which would have helped with some of the tests and where to find the
lines with bugs. 

Test coverage and unit testing concepts can help my future development by helping me find bugs and 
ensure the code that I write produces the intended result. 